Good morning George.
and good days.
We have Jorge Esnura with us,
Jorge is a person who by his experience
seems to have, it might seem
that he is older, but he is a
tremendously young, very entrepreneurial
person who today will
tell us some interesting
experiences here at the
South Summit 2017 and we
want to ask Jorge that
he is 26 years old about
his professional career.
He is an expert in entrepreneurship
issues, a person with
a lot of experience in people
management and a person
with a lot of experience
in go to market
models.
Then Jorge wanted to start by asking
you what you are dedicated to, I fundamentally
know that you are touching two legs,
you are an entrepreneur and
an entrepreneur and you are also a teacher
at IE Business School where you
studied the career of Business.
Well, I on the one hand came from mounting
a previous startup that we started
in 2011 that was Taiba, was the
largest marketplace of employment
for startups in Europe, we
sold it in 2015 when we just
started a startup with which I
am currently that is Source.
At Source, what we do is basically
create the infrastructure
that analyzes developer code
through artificial intelligence,
which we then give to other
companies to create
their applications
from this.
In the sense of creating
vulnerability detection applications,
that is, security, from issues
of analyzing code to extract internal
statistics, from programming
even automated, different things
that then the companies each
has a use that they want to
give to their code by analyzing
it with artificial
intelligence.
Tell us a little more about the
business model.
Yes, we basically talk to the
company and we say, you hear what
problems you have at the level
of development, you hear because
you see I have these problems, because
if we applied artificial intelligence
to analyze the code you have
within your company, companies
that have 50,000 developers,
imagine the code they have,
we can solve this problem,
you hear because this is a productivity
problem, you hear
because we can create an
application that what you
do is predict the code while
a programmer is writing
it so that you can
write code faster and
more reliably too.
Or say, hear, pick up too, analyze
your code, analyze the code
of other millions of developers,
that is, with yours I mean
the company and see which
of those developers would
fit well there.
Hear how it is monetized, how it is,
the proposal to companies is
clear, you are in the business
to business segment, you are holding
a lot of power on technology
and artificial intelligence,
how do you charge the customer?
In that case we do not charge,
then we have an API model where
it basically makes us, your software
makes us questions of wanting
an analysis of this code to do
X, Y or Z, we return it, there
is a charge for use and then we
have the license model that is the
enterprise, where basically
the year companies pay us X
for implementing on-premise,
that is, in their servers
our technology.
I imagine that this type of
business, the go to market,
is fundamentally based on commercial
teams that attack the technology
directors of those companies.
They are two things, on the one hand
it is the most traditional
model of effectively having a sales
team, corporate sales and others,
and enterprise sales, on the other
hand by being our open source
technology, by being free code,
many cases that are given to us
are people of teams of these companies
that implement or start to traste
a little with the technology that
is online and by seeing it and
say that interesting, maybe this
company could help us do this, this
and this, and then they contact
us and tell us that so if we work
together or even work together
to develop something new
that then we will do it open
source, then we have
here a very interesting
inbound.
How long have you been in this company?
How did you get it in motion?
Have you been to a family capital,
friends, a fund?
How did you do it?
In this case we put it up in 2015
when we sold the previous company
we had a fairly simple access
to capital, in 2016 on the one hand
we re-invested what we have taken
from the previous company sale
in this, and then in 2016 we made
our first capital expansion of 6
million euros with investors who
either knew us already because
they had invested in the
previous company or investors
who knew that story and especially
that they had come for our customers,
the curious thing is that
two of the three investors
who took that round came
through customers.